>> Kent C. Dodds: We're gonna round
npm start exercise ES Lint two.
So now you should have that
looks like function in here,
and your plugin should look similar
to what we just solved for.
>> Kent C. Dodds: And
then your test should be failing.
So if we run npm start
to start up our test
again,
>> Kent C. Dodds: Your
test should fail because,
console.1 up here in the valid is
specifying some options saying
that one is okay, but
we're saying there's an error.
So this is where you need to learn about
the schema property in our configuration
and I'll just show you that here.
Schema is pretty much all you do.
Provide an array and
what you need to do is provide
an object in that schema.
So this is JSON schema,
I'll show you the docs to go look that up.
But you need to fill this in with a JSON
schema object with a property that is
called allowedMethods, that accepts
any of the console log
methods as an array, okay?
Cool, so the docs for this,
I'll paste this in the chat.
Lives in options schemas and
there's a link to JSON schema.
If you're not familiar with JSON schema,
don't worry.
I wasn't either when I made this exercise
and it's fairly straightforward.
I'll just give you a little pro tip
that there's these examples
in JSON schema's website.
And let's see,
the simple example is pretty useful.
You can look at some of these examples to
see what your schema should look like.
After you've defined your schema,
then you can start accepting
the options that have been provided.
And you get those from the context.
So it would be context.options, and
that'll be an array of
the options that you're passed.
So I'll leave this up so
everybody can see this.
Here I'll even paste a link to
this example right here, so
you can look at that.